Hey banana for one one click the green
button to start
once I see something funny just dial the
numbers I give you and click the green
button to hear the number again just
click on me use the red button to start
over
ready dial this number seven six five
George's that y'all my hat good job
let's play some more dial this number
four zero nine yeah what do you say I
don't know I don't speak looking good
job let's play some more dial this
number three to nine you're in position
to return home
pull the lever to fire propulsion
rockets George pull the lever now or
you'll be out of position
[Music]
what happens if he pulls the lever late
he could land anywhere top of the
mountain the North Pole George pull the
lever now
[Music]
you rock try some more dial this number
one six To Go
[Music]
oh good morning George I'm gonna sleep
five more minutes okay good job uh-huh
let's play some more dial this number
two eight three four Oh
what are we gonna do with them all
good job let's play some more dial this
number seven one two five huh with the
parent dog good job let's do that again
dial this number one seven four six da
George we overslept
you did it Oh try some more dial this
number nine one seven three
the closer you are to an animal the
louder it gets but don't get too close
way to go try some more dial this number
7 6 2 5 8 good job let's play some more
dial this number 2 1 7 8 3
that's awesome let's play some more dial
this number five four seven one zero Oh
George oh cool I love this kid you are
proving yoki is innocent I'm so happy
I'm gonna make two trays of a cannoli
you did it